Release 1.36.0 (#1596)
fluxcd/flagger: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

## 1.36.0

**Release date:** 2024-02-07

This release comes with support for canary releases with traffic shifting using
Istio TCP routing. For more information on how to enable TCP routing please
see the [Istio tutorial](hhttps://docs.flagger.app//tutorials/istio-progressive-delivery#canary-deployments-for-tcp-services).

Both Flagger and the load tester Go dependencies have been updated to fix various CVEs.

> Flagger is now built with Go 1.12 and the container base image has been update to Alpine 3.19.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flagger is now built with Go 1.21 and the container base image has been updated to Alpine 3.19.
```
